let's get a new tape going all right
Richard here's what we're gonna do we
need a voice exemplar I want you to say
into this phone there's a bomb in
Centennial Park you have 30 minutes
Richard your national hero now thank you
sir
but I was just doing my job you've
always looked at the guy who found the
bomb just like you always look at the
guy on the by jewel fits the profile of
the lone bomber the frustrated white man
who is a police wannabe who seeks to
become a hero we're running it you're a
suspect you don't talk I talk safe Auto
tone this might be the only way to clear
your name I want you to say there's a
bomb in Centennial Park you have 30
minutes stop trying to be the best
friend I was raised to respect authority
authorities looking to eat you alive
there's a bomb in Centennial Park if 30
minutes I'm sorry what his accusers are
two of the most powerful forces in the
world the United States government and
the media I do want to help you out law
enforcement to
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes did he do it Richard
Jewell is an innocent man he's a hero
there's a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes
one more times a little louder
I report the fact you've ruined this
man's life there is a bomb in Centennial
Park you have 30 minutes to a couple
rooms
son saved people's lives
[Music]
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes
genial court you have 30 minutes don't
be how
like your client is guilty as hell they
want to fry you
you ready to start fighting back
[Music]
you